List of airports in Prince Edward Island@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.   The list is sorted by the name
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in high diving@This is a complete list of World Aquatics Championships medalists in high diving.
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1662@This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in its third year, 1662.   Isaac Barrow (1630-1677) Sir John Brooke (1635-1691) Ralph
Lord Lieutenant of West Sussex@This is a complete list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of West Sussex since the creation of the office and the county on 1 April 1974: 1
Lord Lieutenant of Tyne and Wear@This is a complete list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Tyne and Wear, since the creation of the county on 1 April 1974: James Steel (1
List of Tamil-language films@pictures since the release of its first sound film, Kalidas, in 1931. This is a complete list of films released from 1931 in the industry split by decade of
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1915@This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1915. There were no Foreign members elected.  Sir Frederick William Andrewes Arthur
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1914@This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1914. There were no foreign members elected this year.  Arthur Frederick Patrick Albert
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1911@This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1911.   Evelyn Baring Howard Turner Barnes Adrian John Brown Julius Berend Cohen Walter
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1913@This is a complete list of the Fellows and Foreign Members of the Royal Society elected in 1913.  Vernon Herbert Blackman William Bulloch David Leonard
List of Speedway Grand Prix riders@This is a complete list of riders who have entered a FIM Speedway Grand Prix since 1995. After 2013 Czech SGP in Prague (18.May 2013) (Total 159 Speedway
List of airports in Nunavut@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of airports in Yukon@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian territory of the Yukon.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of airports in New Brunswick@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.   The list is sorted by the name of the
Lord Lieutenant of Greater London@of the County of London and the Lord Lieutenant of Middlesex. This is a complete list of Lord Lieutenants of Greater London in the United Kingdom. Harold
List of United States Representatives from North Dakota@This is a complete list of Members of and Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from North Dakota.  These delegates served from Dakota
List of United States Representatives from Idaho@This is a complete List of Members of the United States House of Representatives from Idaho.     Starting in 1890, Idaho had one At-large seat. Then in
List of Philippine Presidents by time in office@This is a complete list of current and former Philippine Presidents by time in office that consists of the 15 heads of state in the history of the Philippines
List of Presidents of Turkey@This is a complete list of Presidents of Turkey consisting of the eleven heads of state in the country's inception following the Turkish War of Independence
List of Philippine Vice Presidents by date of birth@This is a complete list of current and former Vice Presidents of the Philippines by date of birth. The list includes Vice Presidents who were inaugurated
List of operettas by Johann Strauss II@This is a complete list of the operettas written by the Austrian composer Johann Strauss II (1825–1899).   Le reine Indigo, opérette in 3 acts (1875)
List of Philippine Presidents by religious affiliations@This is a complete list of Philippine Presidents by religious affiliations that consists of the 15 heads of state in the history of the Philippines, categorised
List of TransMilenio stations@Main article: TransMilenio      This is a complete list of stations of the TransMilenio mass-transit system of Bogotá, Colombia The stations are distributed
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1663@This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in its forth year, 1663.   John Alleyn (1621-1663) James Annesley (1645-1690) John Aubrey
List of municipalities of Bohol@This is a complete list of the municipalities of Bohol, Philippines. In all, there are 47 municipalities, 1 component city, and 1109 barangays.      &quot;Total
List of Philippine Presidents by currency appearances@This is a complete list of Philippine Presidents who served by currency appearances, that consists of the heads of state in the history of the Philippines
List of Philippine Vice Presidents by date of death@This is a complete list of Philippine Vice Presidents by date of death. It consists of 9 previous vice presidents.    20th century - 6, first: Mariano
List of airports in Nova Scotia@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of airports in Newfoundland and Labrador@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.   The list is sorted by the
List of Texas Tech University presidents@This is a complete list of Texas Tech University presidents of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.            &quot;Handbook of Texas Online – HORN, PAUL
List of football clubs in Luxembourg@This is a complete list of football clubs in Luxembourg affiliated to the Luxembourg Football Federation, the governing body for football in Luxembourg
List of Central Coast, New South Wales suburbs@This is a complete list of the suburbs located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. Suburbs are listed here if they are in the Central
List of Sim video games@This is a complete list of Sim games, their expansion packs, and compilations. Most games were developed by Maxis and published either by Maxis (pre-1997
List of high schools in Delaware@This is a complete list of high schools in the U.S. state of Delaware.      - Wilmington      List of school districts in Delaware
List of Presidents of Indonesia@This is a complete list of Presidents of Indonesia. The presidency was established during the formulation of the 1945 constitution by the Committee for
List of United States Representatives from Arizona@This is a complete list of Members of the United States House of Representatives from Arizona and non-voting Delegates to the United States House of Representatives
List of cities and towns in Greater Houston@This is a complete list of all incorporated cities, towns, and villages within Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area defined by the U.S.
List of United States Representatives from Oklahoma@This is a complete list of people who have served as Members of the United States House of Representatives from Oklahoma through the start of the 113th
List of United States Representatives from Nevada@This is a complete list of people who Represented Nevada in the United States House of Representatives since establishment of Nevada Territory in 1861
List of Vichy France flying aces@This is a complete list of Vichy France flying aces who flew during the Second World War.   List of World War II aces from France   French Aces, kill
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (Q)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter Q.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (Z)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter Z.  Congressional Biographical
List of Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from American Samoa@October 31, 1978, and the first delegate was elected in 1981.  This is a complete List of Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from
List of school districts in Delaware@This is a complete list of school districts in the US state of Delaware.    Caesar Rodney School District Capital School District Lake Forest School District
List of Kansas City Scouts draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Amateur Draft by the Kansas City Scouts franchise. It includes
List of high schools in Rhode Island@This is a complete list of high schools in the U.S. state of Rhode Island.   Barrington High School, Barrington Mount Hope High School, Bristol Our Lady
List of school districts in New Mexico@This is a complete list of school districts in the State of New Mexico.   Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z    Map
List of United States Senators from Kentucky@This is a complete list of United States Senators from Kentucky. Its senators belong to Classes 2 and 3. Kentucky is currently represented in the U.S
List of Philippine Presidents by date of birth@This is a complete list of current and former Philippine Presidents by date of birth that consists of the 15 heads of state in the history of the Philippines
President of the Illinois Senate@This is a complete list of the Presidents of the Illinois Senate as of 2012[update]. Each was chosen since the Illinois General Assembly's thirty-second
List of tributaries of the Potomac River@This is a complete list of tributary streams of the Potomac River in the Eastern United States.   North Branch Potomac River (Maryland/West Virginia)
List of Kansas City Scouts players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the National Hockey League (NHL) team Kansas City Scouts. It includes all fifty players who
List of Philippine Presidents by province@This is a complete list of current and former Philippine Presidents by province that consists of the 15 heads of state in the history of the Philippines
List of Superbike World champions@This is a complete list of FIM World Superbike Champions, from 1988 up to and including 2012.
List of Armenian chess players@This is a complete list of Armenian chess title-holders as of January 2010.    Varuzhan Akobian Vladimir Akopian Ashot Anastasian Zaven Andriasian Levon
List of regulatory reform orders@This is a complete list of Regulatory Reform orders made in the United Kingdom to 2013, totalling 55 items. Regulatory Reform orders are a law made under
List of high schools in Hawaii@This is a complete list of high schools in the U.S. state of Hawai?i.     Academy of the Pacific, Honolulu ASSETS School, Honolulu Christian Academy,
List of Azerbaijani chess players@This is a complete list of Azerbaijani chess title-holders as of November 2012.    Vüqar H??imov ??hriyar M?mm?dyarov Teymur R?c?bov Rauf M?mm?dov Q?dir
The Automatic discography@This is a complete list of releases from Welsh Rock band The Automatic, including albums, extended plays, singles and music videos.        Studio  Demo
List of Philippine Vice Presidents by time in office@This is a complete list of the current and former Philippine Vice Presidents by time in office consisting of 15 Vice Presidents in the history of the
List of school districts in Minnesota@This is a complete list of school districts in the State of Minnesota.   Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z    List
List of school districts in Florida@This is a complete list of school districts in the state of Florida. Under Florida statute, each county comprises a school district. Additionally, there
List of Cincinnati Bengals head coaches@This is a complete list of Cincinnati Bengals head coaches. There have been 9 head coaches for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League
List of United States Representatives from Delaware@This is a Complete list of members of the United States House of Representatives from Delaware. Elections are by a popular vote originally elected on
B2M Entertainment discography@This is a complete list of albums released under B2M Entertainment. It is organized by year of release date and in chronological order.        B2M Entertainment
MotoGP Ducati Riders@This is a complete list of every motorcycle rider who raced a Ducati in MotoGP since its switch from 500cc.
List of Winnipeg Jets draft picks@team's draft picks, see List of Atlanta Thrashers draft picks. This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have been drafted in the National Hockey
List of Colorado Rockies (NHL) draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Colorado Rockies franchise. It includes
List of AMA Superbike champions@This is a complete list of AMA Superbike champions from 1976 to 2014.
List of airports in the Northwest Territories@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Northwest Territories Canadian.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of school districts in Idaho@This is a complete list of school districts of in the state of Idaho.   Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
List of Barys Astana draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the Kontinental Hockey League Junior draft by the Barys Astana franchise. It includes
List of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1661@2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 2000 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 2010 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  This is a complete list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in its second year, 1661
List of Presidents of the Oregon State Senate@This is a complete list of people who have served as President of the Oregon State Senate through the 2011 session.                 List of Speakers of
List of Forlanini airships@This is a complete list of Forlanini airships designed and built by the Italian pioneer Enrico Forlanini from 1900 to 1931 (posthumously). These, like
1974–75 UE Lleida season@Esportiva Lleida is a Spanish football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
United States Ambassador to Belgium@President Dwight D. Eisenhower, served as Ambassador to Belgium. This is a complete list of United States ambassadors to Belgium:   Hugh S. Legaré 1832–1836
List of World War I flying aces from Germany@This is a complete list of World War I flying aces from the German Empire.   A pilot was listed as an &quot;Ace&quot; after verifying the date and location of combat
United States Ambassador to Luxembourg@been appointed separately from the Ambassador to the Netherlands. This is a complete list of United States envoys and ambassadors appointed to Luxembourg
List of former Philippine Presidents who ran again@This is a complete list of former Presidents of the Philippines who ran again after the Presidency or was appointed in a government position after his/her
List of Speakers of the Michigan House of Representatives@This is a complete list of the Speakers of the Michigan House of Representatives. Elected by the Members of the House, the Speaker is the presiding officer
List of Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Toronto Maple Leafs franchise. It includes
List of Gizmondo games@This is a complete list of games for the Gizmondo handheld game console. Due to Gizmondo’s failure, only 14 games were released. The Gizmondo was launched
List of Appalachian State Mountaineers head football coaches@This is a complete list of Appalachian State Mountaineers head football coaches. Fielding its first organized football team in 1928, the Appalachian State
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (I)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter I.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (U)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter U.  Congressional Biographical
List of PC-FX games@This is a complete list of all 62 games released for the NEC PC-FX video game console. The launch titles were Graduation 2: Neo Generation FX, Battle
List of Sri Lankan Parliaments@This is a complete list of the Sri Lankan Parliaments, including their beginnings, endings, and the dates of their sessions since 1931.    15th Sri Lankan
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (Y)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter Y.  Congressional Biographical
List of National Historic Landmarks in Kentucky@This is a complete list of National Historic Landmarks in Kentucky. There are 32 such landmarks in Kentucky.  National Register of Historic Places listings
List of Minnesota Wild draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild franchise. It includes
List of Pittsburgh Pirates (NHL) head coaches@to be confused with List of Pittsburgh Pirates managers.      This is a complete list of head coaches of the Pittsburgh Pirates and Philadelphia Quakers
Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association@status and renamed the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.  This is a complete list of Memorial Cup play for NOJHA teams. In eight years, the NOJHA
List of school divisions in Virginia@This is a complete list of school divisions in the U.S. state of Virginia.  The public K-12 schools in Virginia are generally not operated directly by
List of Manchester Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who played for Manchester Cricket Club in first-class matches prior to the foundation of Lancashire
List of Pittsburgh Pirates (NHL) players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that played
List of current United States Senate committees@This is a complete list of U.S. congressional committees (standing committees and select or special committees) that are currently operating in the United
List of operas by Vivaldi@This is a complete list of operas by Antonio Vivaldi (1678–1741). He claimed to have composed 94 operas, but fewer than 50 titles have been identified
List of towns in Virginia@This is a complete list of towns in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States. An incorporated town in Virginia is the equivalent of a city in
List of A.S. Roma managers@This is a complete list of managers of A.S. Roma.
List of A.S. Roma managers@This is a complete list of managers of A.S. Roma.
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oregon@Company Building    •Fort Astoria Site •Lightship Columbia        This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Oregon. The United States National
List of National Historic Landmarks in Idaho@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Idaho. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices of
List of cities in Ukraine@This is a complete list of cities in Ukraine. On 1 January 2010 there were 459 cities (Ukrainian: ?i???, misto) in Ukraine. There are three categories
FNC Entertainment discography@This is a complete list of album releases in chronological order by FNC Entertainment.           FNC Entertainment official website
List of operas by Massenet@This is a complete list of operas by the French composer Jules Massenet (1842–1912). Several of Massenet's operas were premiered by the Opéra-Comique
List of FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's champions@Main article: FIS Alpine Ski World Cup This is a complete list of men's alpine skiing World Cup champions in the overall and each discipline. Multiple
List of operas by Rameau@This is a complete list of operas by the French Baroque composer Jean-Philippe Rameau (1683–1764).  Notes   RCT numbering refers to Rameau Catalogue Thématique
List of California Golden Seals draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals franchise. It
List of airports in Manitoba@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Manitoba.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of lighthouses on the Oregon Coast@This is a complete list of existing public and private lighthouses on the Oregon Coast, in order from north to south. Not all of them are currently used
List of cities and towns in Bulgaria@This is a complete list of all cities and towns in Bulgaria sorted by population. Province capitals are shown in bold. Primary sources are The National
List of The Sims video games@For a list of &quot;Sim&quot; related games, see List of Sim video games. This is a complete list of The Sims games and their expansion packs.    The Sims  See also:
List of Statutory Instruments of the Welsh Assembly, 1999@This is a complete list of Statutory Instruments of the Welsh Assembly made in 1999. Statutory Instruments made by the Assembly are numbered in the main
List of operas by Respighi@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Ottorino Respighi (1879–1936).  List of compositions by Ottorino Respighi  Pedarra, Potito
List of Atlanta Flames draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Atlanta Flames franchise. It includes
SAS Group destinations@SAS Group destinations This is a complete list of the SAS Group airlines destinations, including Air Greenland, Blue1, Estonian Air, Scandinavian Airlines
List of operas by Weber@This is a complete list of the operas of the German composer Carl Maria von Weber (1786–1826).     Catalogue numbers of Weber's works as compiled by Friedrich
List of operas by Siegfried Wagner@This is a complete list of the operas of the German composer Siegfried Wagner (1869–1930), the son of Richard Wagner (1813–1883). All the opera libretti
List of Anaheim Ducks draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Anaheim Ducks franchise. It includes every
List of Formula One drivers who never qualified for a race@This is a complete list of drivers, currently 77, who have entered one or more FIA Formula One World Championship races since 1950, yet failed to qualify
List of songs recorded by Kara@This is a complete list of songs by the Korean girl group Kara.   Contents   0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Other songs     
List of Khans of the Golden Horde@This is a complete list of Khans of the White Horde, Blue Horde, Golden Horde and of the Great Horde. Khans of the Blue Horde are listed as the main constituent
List of songs recorded by Carrie Underwood@This is a complete list of songs by American singer and songwriter Carrie Underwood.   Contents   0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X
Felix the Cat filmography@Felix the Cat TV episodes, see Felix the Cat (TV series)#Episodes. This is a complete list of animated films released theatrically starring Felix the Cat
List of speakers of the Oregon House of Representatives@This is a complete list of people who have served as Speakers of the Oregon House of Representatives through the 2009 session. Oregon became a state on
List of Colorado Avalanche draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche franchise. It includes
List of United States Representatives from Minnesota@See also: United States congressional delegations from Minnesota This is a complete list of people who represented Minnesota in the United States House
List of crossings of the Monongahela River@This is a complete list of current bridges and other crossings of the Monongahela River starting from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where the river helps
List of Barys Astana players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Barys Astana in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). It includes players that have
List of U.S. states and territories by area@This is a complete list of the states of the United States and its major territories ordered by total area, land area, and water area. The water area
List of works for the stage by Weill@This is a complete list of the stage works of the German, and later American, composer Kurt Weill (1900–1950).  Hinton, Stephen (1992), 'Weill, Kurt'
List of cities in Virginia@See also: List of United States counties and county-equivalents This is a complete list of cities in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States
List of operas by Spontini@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Gaspare Spontini (1774–1851).   originally planned for 2 acts  Gerhard, Anselm (1992), &quot;Spontini
List of Florida Panthers draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers franchise. It includes
List of Vice Presidents of the United States by time in office@This is a complete list of United States Vice Presidents by time in office. The basis of the list is the difference between dates; if counted by number
List of Philippine Senate committees@This is a complete list of Philippine Congressional committees (standing committees, and special committees) that are currently operating in the Senate
List of Arizona Coyotes draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Arizona Coyotes franchise. It includes
List of United States Marine Corps four-star generals@This is a complete list of four-star generals in the United States Marine Corps. The rank of general (or full general, or four-star general) is the highest
List of operas by Wolf-Ferrari@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari (1876–1948).    Waterhouse, John C G (1992), &quot;Wolf-Ferrari, Ermanno&quot;
List of Dallas Stars draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Dallas Stars. It includes every player
List of operas by Gluck@This is a complete list of the operas of Christoph Willibald Gluck (1714–1787) – 49 works in all.  Notes   The information in this list is from Hayes
List of Ole Miss Rebels football seasons@This is a complete list of Ole Miss Rebels football seasons.       Ole Miss Football - All-Time Results. Retrieved 2013-Sep-23.  CFRC College Football
List of railway stations in Barcelona@This is a complete list of Renfe and Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya-operated railway stations in Barcelona, sorted alphabetically, excluding
List of National Historic Landmarks in Utah@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Utah. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices of
List of current members of the United States House of Representatives by seniority@This is a complete list of current members of the U.S. House of Representatives based on seniority. For the most part, representatives are ranked by the
The Three Stooges filmography@This is a complete list of short subjects and feature films that featured The Three Stooges released between 1930 and 1970. Moe Howard, Larry Fine and
List of Estonia international footballers@This is a complete list of Estonia international footballers – Association football players who have played for the Estonia national football team. Caps
List of operas by Richard Strauss@This is a complete list of the operas by the German composer Richard Strauss (1864–1949).  Sources Some of the information in this article is taken from
List of school education areas in New South Wales@This is a complete list of school education areas in New South Wales as of December 2006.    John Mather, Director. 300 public schools. [1] Central Coast
List of Estonia international footballers@This is a complete list of Estonia international footballers – Association football players who have played for the Estonia national football team. Caps
List of World War II military gliders@This is a complete list of Second World War military gliders. Only vehicles that reached at least the prototype stage are included in this list.   DHA-G1
List of Ottawa Redblacks seasons@This is a complete list of seasons completed by the Ottawa Redblacks. The Redblacks have played in the Canadian Football League since 2014.
List of Montreal Canadiens draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens franchise. It includes
List of songs recorded by Dream Theater@Main article: Dream Theater discography      This is a complete list of songs by American progressive metal band Dream Theater. Dream Theater was formed
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1925@List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1925. This is a complete list.  Percival Bailey, Deceased. Neuroscience: 1925. Violet Barbour, Deceased. British
List of United States Representatives from Hawaii@This is a complete list of Members of the United States House of Representatives from Hawaii in alphabetical order.
List of Montreal Maroons players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Montreal Maroons in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that played
List of Chicago Bears head coaches@This is a complete list of Chicago Bears head coaches. There have been 18 head coaches for the Chicago Bears, including coaches for the Decatur Staleys
List of operas and operettas by Lehár@This is a complete list of the operas and operettas of the Austro-Hungarian composer Franz Lehár (1870–1948).   Lamb, Andrew (1992), &quot;Lehár, Franz&quot; in
List of school districts in Washington (state)@This is a complete list of school districts of in the state of Washington.  Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z    Aberdeen
List of Sweden national football team managers@This is a complete list of Sweden national football team managers, football managers who have coached the Sweden national football team. The list includes
List of Japanese World War II explosives@This is a complete list of Japanese explosives used during the Second World War it is sorted by application  TM 9-1985-4 Japanese Explosive Ordnance (Bombs
List of New Zealand women Test cricketers@This is a complete list of New Zealand women Test cricketers. A Test match is an international cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations
List of Israeli chess players@This is a complete list of Israeli chess title-holders (active players only), as of October 2005. You are invited to create articles for individual chess
List of Washington Redskins head coaches@This is a complete list of Washington Redskins head coaches. There have been 28 head coaches for the Washington Redskins, including coaches for the Boston
List of Ottawa Renegades seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Ottawa Renegades, a former Canadian Football League team. After the previous Ottawa franchise folded
List of Philippine House of Representatives committees@This is a complete list of Philippine Congressional committees (standing committees, and special committees) that are currently operating in the House
Shojo Beat@to allow it to speed up publication of the individual volumes. This is a complete list of all titles that were serialized in Shojo Beat. It does not include
List of airports in Saskatchewan@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.   The list is sorted by the name of the
List of Atlanta Flames players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Atlanta Flames in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that have played
List of top-division football clubs in non-FIFA countries@Northern Cyprus, Tuvalu and Zanzibar.   Main article: N.F.-Board  This is a complete list of football clubs in Chechnya. Football association: Chechnya Football
European Pairs Speedway Championship@pairs and 6 when is 7 pairs) as decided by the Team Manager.     This is a complete list of speedway riders who have won this Championship. In total, 24
List of school districts in Wisconsin@This is a complete list of school districts in the state of Wisconsin.   Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z    List
List of Utah state prisons@This is a complete list of state prisons in Utah. It does not include federal prisons or county jails located in the state of Utah. As of 2010, Utah eliminated
List of National Historic Landmarks in Minnesota@  Kathio Historic District    Split Rock Light Station        This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Minnesota. The United States
List of crossings of the Kiskiminetas River@This is a complete list of bridges and dams that span the Kiskiminetas River from its confluence at the Conemaugh River and Loyalhanna Creek to its mouth
List of operas by Ponchielli@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Amilcare Ponchielli (1834–1886).  Sources Budden, Julien (1992), 'Ponchielli, Amilcare'
List of Great Britain & Ireland Seve Trophy golfers@This is a complete list of golfers who have represented Great Britain &amp; Ireland in the Seve Trophy up to and including 2013. Paul Casey and Colin Montgomerie
Grade I listed churches in Merseyside@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed churches in the metropolitan county of Merseyside
List of Luxembourgish records in swimming@This is a complete list of the Luxembourgish records in swimming, which are ratified by the Fédération Luxembourgeoise de Natation et de Sauvetage (FLNS)
List of biosphere reserves in Vietnam@This is a complete list of Biosphere Reserves in Vietnam. Cát Bà Island, 2004 Cát Tiên National Park, 2001 Red River Delta, 2004 C?n Gi? Mangrove Forest
List of heads of state of the Central African Republic and Central African Empire@This is a complete list of the heads of state of the Central African Republic and Central African Empire. There have been seven heads of state in the
List of butterflies of Israel@This is a complete list of butterfly taxa that occur or have occurred in the wild, within the current boundaries of the State of Israel, the Palestinian
VG-lista 1958@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - in 1958, which was the first year of the list
List of Chief Justices of the Oregon Supreme Court@This is a complete list of those who have served as Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court.  List of lists about Oregon List of Oregon judges    &quot;Oregon
List of Japanese World War II army bombs@This is a complete list of all Aerial bombs used by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second World War.   Type 92 15 kg High-explosive bomb Type 99
List of Philadelphia Eagles players@This is a complete list of American football players who have played for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). It includes players
List of South Korean films of 2006@This is a complete list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2006. Source for release dates and box-office admission results
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (V)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter V.  Congressional Biographical
List of Prime Ministers of Canada by date of death@This is a complete list of Canadian Prime Ministers by date of death. As of August 2014, there are six living former Prime Ministers (John Turner, Jean
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (O)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter O.  Congressional Biographical
List of operas by Zandonai@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Riccardo Zandonai (1883–1944).    Waterhouse, John C. G. (1992), &quot;Zandonai, Riccardo&quot; in
List of Continental Europe Seve Trophy golfers@This is a complete list of golfers who have represented Continental Europe in the Seve Trophy up to and including 2013. Miguel Ángel Jiménez is the only
List of operas by Marschner@This is a complete list of the operas of the German composer Heinrich Marschner (1795–1861).   Sources Palmer, A Dean (1992), 'Marschner, Heinrich' in
List of heads of government of the Central African Republic and Central African Empire@This is a complete list of the heads of government of the Central African Republic and Central African Empire. There have been 23 heads of government
List of South Korean films of 2007@This is a complete list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2007. Source for release dates and box-office admission results
List of active Los Angeles-class submarines by homeport@This is a complete list of all active Los Angeles-class submarines, grouped by home port. Main article: Los Angeles-class submarine See also: List of
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1935@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 37th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1935 general election, held on 14 November
List of San Jose Sharks draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the San Jose Sharks franchise. It includes
List of Dinamo Riga players@This is a complete list of players who have played for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League.    Contents :  Top 0–9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M
2009 Judgments of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom@This is a complete list of the judgments given by the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom between the court's opening on 1 October 2009 and the end of
List of Washington Capitals draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals franchise. It includes
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1935@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 37th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1935 general election, held on 14 November
List of Dallas Cowboys players@This is a complete list of American football players who have played for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). It includes players
List of National Heritage Sites in Jamaica@This is a complete list of National Heritage sites in Jamaica as published by the Jamaica National Heritage Trust.   Buildings of architectural and historic
List of Warren Miller films@This is a complete list of films in the Warren Miller series of ski films. Warren Miller directed the films through White Winter Heat (1987), his last
List of antidepressants@This is a complete list of clinically-approved antidepressants, as well as drugs used to augment antidepressants, by pharmacological and/or structural
List of operas by Cherubini@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian-born composer Luigi Cherubini (1760–1842) who spent much of his working life in France. In terms
List of awards received by Asha Bhosle@This is a complete list of awards and recognitions won by Asha Bhosle.   Asha Bhosle has won seven Filmfare Best Female Playback Awards out of 18 nominations
List of music directors of the Ojai Music Festival@This is a complete list of music directors of the Ojai Music Festival, an American festival of classical music held annually in Ojai, California. The
VG-lista 1962@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - in 1962. 57 singles entered the VG-lista in
List of Rodalies Barcelona railway stations@This is a complete list of railway stations served by Renfe Rodalies Barcelona commuter train services.    Check the following articles for line-specific
List of Los Angeles-class submarines@This is a complete list of Los Angeles-class submarines.      *Hull numbers 726–743 were assigned to the Ohio-class submarines. Hull numbers 744–749 were
List of Dinamo Riga draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the Kontinental Hockey League Junior draft by the Dinamo Riga franchise. It includes
List of state soil science licensing boards@This is a complete list of soil science licensing boards. State licensing in this context refers to any state regulatory program which limits the professional
List of Durham County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Durham in first-class matches since December 1991 when the team was elevated
List of Philippine Presidents by time as former president@This is a complete list of Philippine Presidents by time as former President that consists of all fifteen Presidents in the history of the Philippines
List of Gobiidae genera@This is a complete list of genera in the fish family Gobiidae, the gobies. There are over 200 in total.   Aboma Acanthogobius Acentrogobius Afurcagobius
VG-lista 1963@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista, the official Norwegian hit-chart, in 1963. A total of 65 singles appeared on the
List of people on stamps of Central Lithuania@This is a complete list of people on the postage stamps of the Central Lithuania. Dates in parentheses indicate the year they were featured on a stamp
List of Carolina Hurricanes players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Carolina Hurricanes in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that
List of education districts in Queensland@This is a complete list of education districts in Queensland, Australia, prior to the recent reorganisation of the state into seven school regions. Bayside
List of Boston Bruins draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Boston Bruins franchise. It includes every
List of Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets players@This is a complete list of players who have played for the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets ice hockey team in the United States Amateur Hockey Association,
List of National Historic Landmarks in Maine@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Maine. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices of
Grade I listed churches in Greater Manchester@Tameside, Trafford, Wigan, and the cities of Manchester and Salford. This is a complete list of the Grade I listed churches in the metropolitan county as recorded
List of English Heritage blue plaques in Kensington and Chelsea@This is a complete list of the 162 blue plaques placed by English Heritage and its predecessors in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. The scheme
Team Speedway Junior European Championship@heat.    Note: team in bold type are current European Champion.  This is a complete list of speedway riders who have won Team Speedway Junior European Championship
List of official languages by state@This is a complete list of the official languages designated in the sovereign states of the world. It includes all languages that have official language
List of Morecambe and Wise joint appearances@This is a complete list of Morecambe &amp; Wise's appearances.    Running Wild (1954) first television appearance of the double act, not well received The
List of New York Rangers draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the New York Rangers franchise. It includes
List of Minnesota Wild players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that have
List of Edmonton Oilers (WHA) players@This is a complete list of players for the Edmonton Oilers of the World Hockey Association (WHA). It includes players that have played at least one regular
List of Nashville Predators draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators franchise. It includes
List of Presidents of the Senate of the Czech Republic@This is a complete list of the Presidents of the Senate of the Czech Republic.  Senate of the Czech Republic
List of National Historic Landmarks in New Mexico@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in New Mexico. New Mexico has 46 National Historic Landmarks (NHLs), including Raton Pass which
VG-lista 1960@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - in 1960. 46 singles entered the VG-lista in
List of weapons of World War II Japanese aircraft@This is a complete list of weapons deployed on Japanese combat aircraft during the Second World War.    Type 89 7.7 mm machine gun (copy of Vickers Class
Xylariaceae@main lineages in this family, Hypoxyloideae and Xylarioideae.  This is a complete list of genera in the Xylariaceae, based on the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota
List of airports in Quebec@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Quebec.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of United States Presidents on currency@This is a complete list of United States Presidents by currency appearances. The President of the United States has appeared on official banknotes, coins
List of airports in British Columbia@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of British Columbia.   The list is sorted by the name of
List of South Korean films of 2008@This is a complete list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2008. Source for release dates and box-office admission results
List of airports in Alberta@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Alberta.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of operas by Paer@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Ferdinando Paer (1771–1839).   Budden, Julian (1992), 'Paer, Ferdinando' in The New Grove
VG-lista 1961@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - in 1961. 50 singles entered the VG-lista in
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1924@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 34th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1924 general election, held on 29 October
List of Azerbaijani footballers@This is a complete list of football (soccer) players from Azerbaijan. The comprehensive listing of the players is according to citizenship and registration
CAW Locals@This is a complete list of the local bargaining units of the Canadian Auto Workers (CAW) Union. Local 27 Local 40 Local 61 Local 88 Local 100 Local 101
List of South Korean films of 2008@This is a complete list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2008. Source for release dates and box-office admission results
List of operas by Paer@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Ferdinando Paer (1771–1839).   Budden, Julian (1992), 'Paer, Ferdinando' in The New Grove
List of Azerbaijani footballers@This is a complete list of football (soccer) players from Azerbaijan. The comprehensive listing of the players is according to citizenship and registration
CAW Locals@This is a complete list of the local bargaining units of the Canadian Auto Workers (CAW) Union. Local 27 Local 40 Local 61 Local 88 Local 100 Local 101
List of operas by Myslive?ek@This is a complete list of the operas of the Czech composer Josef Myslive?ek (1737–1781). All of Myslive?ek's operas are examples of opera seria (genre:
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1931@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 36th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1931 general election, held on 27 October
List of Quebec Nordiques draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Quebec Nordiques franchise. It includes
List of crossings of the Beaver River@This is a complete list of bridges and dams that span the Beaver River from its confluence at the Mahoning River and the Shenango River to its mouth at
List of Minnesota North Stars draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Minnesota North Stars franchise. It includes
List of New Zealand national cricket captains@This is a complete list of all of New Zealand's national cricket captains at official international level. As such it includes details of all the men
List of teams in the NSWRL/ARL/SL/NRL@This is a complete list of teams that have competed in the first-grade competition in Australia that began with the New South Wales Rugby Football League
List of National Historic Landmarks in Hawaii@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Hawai?i. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices
List of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball seasons@This is a complete list of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball teams seasons, from their first season in 1903 to present.     The following is a list of
List of National Historic Landmarks in Louisiana@This is a complete list of National Historic Landmarks in Louisiana,. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices
List of Catholic churches in Hong Kong@This is a complete list of Catholic Churches in Hong Kong.   Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, (Mid-levels) Immaculate Heart of Mary Chapel (Central)
List of New York State Historic Markers in Genesee County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Genesee County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Azerbaijani boxers@This is a complete list of Azerbaijani boxers.   Contents   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z     Jeyhun Abiyev Magomed Abdulhamidov
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1951@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1951 general election on 25 October 1951
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1929@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 35th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1929 general election, held on 30 May 1929
List of former members of the Virginia House of Delegates (A)@This is a complete list of former members of the Virginia House of Delegates whose last names begin with the letter A.  The Virginia Elections and State
List of operas by Grétry@This is a complete list of the operas by André Ernest Modeste Grétry (1741–1813).   Sources Bartlet, M Elizabeth C (1992), 'Grétry, André-Ernest-Modeste'
List of crossings of the Kentucky River@This is a complete list of current bridges of the Kentucky River from its mouth at the Ohio River at Carrollton, Kentucky and Prestonville, Kentucky upstream
List of the Czech Republic Senate committees@This is a complete list of all committees currently operating in the Senate of the Czech Republic  Committee on Agenda and Procedure Chairperson: P?emysl
List of operettas by Offenbach@This is a complete list of the 98 operettas of Jacques Offenbach (1819–1880).   The stage works of Offenbach (with the two exceptions of the opéras Die
List of churches in Lisburn@This is a complete list of churches in Lisburn, Northern Ireland.    Lisburn Cathedral Christ Church Parish, Lisburn First Lisburn Presbyterian Church
List of songs recorded by Mentors@This is a complete list of songs released by American heavy metal group The Mentors in alphabetical order. The list includes tracks of The Mentors studio
List of New York State Historic Markers in Richmond County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Richmond County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (N)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter N.  Congressional Biographical
List of current ships of the Chilean Navy@This is a complete list of active Chilean Navy ships as of February 2009. In total there are 68 commissioned ships in the navy, including 8 frigates,
List of New York State Historic Markers in Cortland County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Cortland County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of National Hockey League retired numbers@This is a complete list of numbers retired by the National Hockey League (NHL). A retired number is a jersey number that is taken out of circulation by
List of National Historic Landmarks in Washington (state)@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Washington. The United States National Historic Landmark program is operated under the auspices
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (J)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter J.  Congressional Biographical
List of songs recorded by Phish@This is a complete list of original songs composed by the rock band Phish. Certain &quot;sections&quot; of songs have been played separately from time to time,
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1923@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 33rd Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1923 general election, held on 5 December
List of World Swimming Championships (25 m) medalists (women)@This is a complete list of women's World Championships medalists in short-course swimming from 1993 to 2012.                       List of World Swimming
2006–07 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances and goals in all competitions made by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2006-2007
List of locations in Pirates of the Caribbean@&quot;Isla de Muerta&quot; redirects here. For other uses, see Isla Muerta. This is a complete list of islands and other locations in the Pirates of the Caribbean
Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives@This is a complete list of the Speakers of the Illinois House of Representatives, as of 2007. Each was chosen since the Illinois General Assembly's first
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1950@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 39th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1950 general election, held on 23 February
Handa Cup@winner of each match with 1 point each for a tied match.  Source:   This is a complete list of golfers who have played for the United States. Amy Alcott: 2006
1990–91 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1990-1991 season.
1997–98 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1997-1998 season.
List of offshore wind farms in Sweden@This is a complete list of operational, offshore wind farms in Sweden (within the national maritime boundaries). This information is gathered from multiple
List of United States Representatives from California@This is a complete list of Members of the United States House of Representatives from California in alphabetical order.  United States congressional delegations
List of school districts in Vermont@This is a complete list of school districts in Vermont, sorted alphabetically. Union school districts necessarily overlap(include) other, often town-based
List of inactive Los Angeles-class submarines by disposition@This is a complete list of all inactive Los Angeles-class submarines, grouped by disposition. &quot;Submarine Recycling&quot; reefers to the Ship-Submarine Recycling
List of BC Lions seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the BC Lions, a Canadian Football League team. While the team was founded in 1954, they did not join the
List of Azerbaijani wrestlers@This is a complete list of Azerbaijani wrestlers.   Contents   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z     Arif Abdullayev Namig Abdullayev
List of Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic@This is a complete list of the Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.  Chair of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament
List of Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic@This is a complete list of the Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.  Chair of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament
List of Batman video games@numerous video games created for various platforms for over 20 years. This is a complete list of Batman video games for all computer and console systems, including
List of operas by Nicholas Lens@This is a complete list of the operas of Nicholas Lens  Robert-Jan Bartunek / Shell Shock opera brings trauma of World War One to stage Rosita Boisseau
List of offshore wind farms in Denmark@This is a complete list of operational, offshore wind farms in Denmark (within the national maritime boundaries). This information is gathered from multiple
List of botanical gardens in Hungary@This is a complete list of botanical gardens in Hungary. Alcsútdoboz arboretum Bábolna arboretum Badacsonytomaj, Folly arboretum Balatongyörök, Büdöskút
List of The Veronicas concert tours@This is a complete list of tours by Australian band The Veronicas. As of 2009, they have headlined five national tours and have supported five other tours
List of works for the stage by Lorenzo Ferrero@This is a complete list of the stage works of the Italian composer Lorenzo Ferrero (born 1951).    Sources Osmond-Smith, David (1997), 'Ferrero, Lorenzo'
List of works for the stage by Falla@This is a complete list of the stage works of the Spanish composer Manuel de Falla (1876–1946).    Sources Crichton, Ronald (1992), 'Falla, Manuel de'
List of crossings of the Ohio River@This is a complete list of current bridges and other crossings of the Ohio River from the Mississippi River at Cairo, Illinois upstream to the split into
List of operas by Piccinni@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Niccolò Piccinni (1728–1800).   Sources Libby, Dennis et al. (1992), 'Piccinni, Niccolò'
Grade I listed churches in Lancashire@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed churches and chapels in the ceremonial county
List of political party symbols in India@This is a complete list of political party symbols in India valid as of September 2009 when a new listing was published by the Election Commission of
List of churches in Venice@This is a complete list of churches in Venice classified by &quot;sestiere&quot; in which the city is divided. These are Cannaregio, San Polo, Dorsoduro (including
List of Blood+ chapters@This is a complete list of chapters for the three manga series released for Blood+. Blood+ is a fifty-episode anime series produced by Production I.G
1985–86 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1979–80 UE Lleida season@Esportiva Lleida is a Spanish football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1986–87 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1983–84 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
List of operas and operettas by Lecocq@This is a complete list of the operas and operettas of the French composer Charles Lecocq (1832–1918).  Lecocq wrote 21 opéras comiques, 12 opéras bouffes
1982–83 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1980–81 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1981–82 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1988–89 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1988-1989 season.
1989–90 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1989-1990 season.
List of operas by Mayr@This is a complete list of operas by Simon Mayr (1763 – 1845); for his other compositions see List of compositions by Simon Mayr.          Werter e Carlotta
1991–92 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1991-1992 season.
1975–76 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
2005–06 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2005-2006 season.
1984–85 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
2004–05 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2004-2005 season.
1977–78 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
2001–02 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2001-2002 season.
2000–01 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2000-2001 season.
1976–77 UE Lleida season@Esportiva Lleida is a Spanish football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
1978–79 UE Lleida season@Lleida is a Spanish Catalan football club based in Lleida, Spain. This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of
2003–04 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2003-2004 season.
List of HC CSKA Moscow draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the Kontinental Hockey League Junior draft by the CSKA Moscow franchise. It includes
Speedway World Cup@Cup medalists.  See also: Category:Speedway World Cup champions This is a complete list of speedway riders who have won the Speedway World Cup. In total
1987–88 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1987-1988 season.
List of Chicago Blackhawks draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League by the Chicago Blackhawks franchise. It includes every player
Listed buildings in Sheffield@Hill). The dates given refer to the year(s) of completion.    This is a complete list of all Grade II* listed buildings in Sheffield.   Grade I listed
List of offshore wind farms in the Irish Sea@Arklow      This is a complete list of operational, offshore wind farms in the Irish Sea and connected areas such as the Celtic Sea and North Channel
List of operas by Anfossi@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Pasquale Anfossi (1727–1797). Anfossi wrote at least 33 opere buffe and drammi giocosi,
VG-lista 1959@This is a complete list of all the singles that entered the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - in 1959. 48 singles entered the VG-lista in
Protected areas of Nicaragua@for the conservations of biodiversity.                           This is a complete list of protected areas in Nicaragua: Alamikamaba Natural Reserve Apoyo
Team Speedway Junior World Championship@the team is less than 6 points in arrears.  in Swiss franc     This is a complete list of speedway riders who have won Under-21 Speedway World Cup. In
List of MPs elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1945@This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 38th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1945 general election, held on 5 July 1945
List of United States congressional districts@United States congressional districts by area.                     This is a complete list of congressional districts for representation in the United States
List of Glamorgan County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Glamorgan in first-class matches and List A cricket since 1921 when the
List of Israel Prize recipients@This is a complete list of recipients of the Israel Prize from the inception of the Prize in 1953.  For each year, the recipients are, in most instances
List of New York State Historic Markers in Erie County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Erie County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of Historic
List of New York State Historic Markers in Steuben County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Steuben County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Israel Prize recipients@This is a complete list of recipients of the Israel Prize from the inception of the Prize in 1953.  For each year, the recipients are, in most instances
List of HC Lev draft picks@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the Kontinental Hockey League Junior draft by the HC Lev Praha franchise. It includes
List of New York State Historic Markers in Warren County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Warren County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Internet service providers in Saudi Arabia@the CITC, and the ISP which provides the monthly subscriptions. This is a complete list of the licensed Internet service providers in Saudi Arabia: Arabcircle
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rocky Mountain National Park@This is a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado, United
List of artists who reached number one on the French Singles Chart@This is a complete list of recording artists who have reached number one on the singles chart in France, published by SNEP since 4 November 1984. As of
Palinurus (genus)@Espinal in Mexico's Chiapas state in 1995 and named P. palaciosi.  This is a complete list of extant species: Palinurus barbarae Groeneveld, Griffiths &amp; van
List of the Catholic cathedrals of the United States@diocese. Some dioceses also have a co-cathedral or a pro-cathedral. This is a complete list of the 193 cathedrals of the Catholic Church in the United States
List of operas by Porpora@This is a complete list of the operas written by the Italian composer Nicola Porpora (1686–1768).    Sources Monson, Dale E (1992), 'Porpora, Nicola'
Brad Steiger bibliography@This is a complete list of the writings of Brad Steiger.  — (1965). Monsters, Maidens, and Mayhem: A Pictorial History of Hollywood Film Monsters.  —
List of birds of King Island (Tasmania)@This is a complete list of bird species and subspecies that have been recorded on King Island, Tasmania, Australia.   Casuariidae  Emu, Dromaius novaehollandiae
List of New York State Historic Markers in Queens County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Queens County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Las Vegas Wranglers players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL. It includes players that have played at least one
List of European Athletics Championships medalists (women)@This is a complete list of women's medalists of the European Athletics Championships. See also: List of European Athletics Championships medalists (men)
List of Noh plays (N–Z)@Main article: Noh See also: List of Noh plays: A-M This is a complete list of extant pre-modern Noh plays, their supposed authors, and categorisations
List of Statutory Instruments of the Welsh Assembly, 2010@This is a complete list of Statutory Instruments of the Welsh Assembly made in 2010. Statutory Instruments made by the Assembly are numbered in the main
List of Tampa Bay Lightning players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Tampa Bay Lightning in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that
List of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, 1980–99@This is a complete list of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the years 1980–1999. Note that the first parliament of the United Kingdom
List of Big Brother (UK) shows@This is a complete list of shows about and relating to Big Brother UK and Celebrity Big Brother UK.    Big Brother is a daily show, featuring highlights
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 89th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 89th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 88th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 88th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Moldova international footballers@This is a complete list of Moldova international footballers, i.e. association football players who have played for the Moldova national football team
List of airports in Ontario@This is a complete list of airports, water aerodromes and heliports in the Canadian province of Ontario.   The list is sorted by the name of the community
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 91st Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 91st United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 90th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 90th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 94th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 94th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
Sinéad O'Connor discography@This is a complete list of music records released by Irish singer-songwriter Sinéad O'Connor. To date, the artist released ten studio albums. The Lion
1998–99 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1998-1999 season.
List of National Historic Landmarks in Arkansas@National Park Service-administered historic areas in Arkansas.   This is a complete list of the 16 National Historic Landmarks in Arkansas.   National Historic
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 92nd Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 92nd United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Noh plays (A–M)@Main article: Noh See also: List of Noh plays: N-Z This is a complete list of extant pre-modern Noh plays, their supposed authors, and categorisations
List of Yorkshire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Yorkshire in first-class matches since the club was founded in 1863. The
List of United States Air Force four-star generals@This is a complete list of four-star generals in the United States Air Force. The rank of general (or full general, or four-star general) is the highest
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 93rd Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 93rd United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of New York State Historic Markers in Chemung County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Chemung County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of high schools in Pennsylvania@This is a complete list of Senior High Schools in the state of Pennsylvania, United States.   Adams County Christian Academy, Gettysburg Bermudian Springs
Mary Wollstonecraft@asteroid Godwin-Shelley family tree Timeline of Mary Wollstonecraft  This is a complete list of Mary Wollstonecraft's works; all works are the first edition
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 95th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 95th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
Pop 100@continued to be published on billboard.biz until June 26, 2010.  This is a complete list of the songs that reached number one on the Pop 100 chart from
Teplice District@is located just north of Teplice, close to the German borders.  This is a complete list of officially registered municipalities located in the Teplice
1999–2000 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1999-2000 season.
List of Calgary Stampeders seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Calgary Stampeders, a Canadian Football League team. While the team was founded in 1935 (as the Calgary
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 96th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 96th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 97th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 97th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 98th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 98th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
2002–03 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2002-2003 season.
List of mayors of Lawton, Oklahoma@This is a complete list of the people who have served as mayor of the city of Lawton in southwest Oklahoma. Lawton's city government uses a council-manager
List of works for the stage by Hahn@This is a complete list of the stage works of the Venezuelan, naturalised French, composer Reynaldo Hahn (1874–1947).    O'Connor, Patrick (1992), &quot;Hahn
2007–08 UE Lleida season@This is a complete list of appearances and goals in all competitions made by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2007-2008
List of mayors of Lawton, Oklahoma@This is a complete list of the people who have served as mayor of the city of Lawton in southwest Oklahoma. Lawton's city government uses a council-manager
List of works for the stage by Hahn@This is a complete list of the stage works of the Venezuelan, naturalised French, composer Reynaldo Hahn (1874–1947).    O'Connor, Patrick (1992), &quot;Hahn
List of National Historic Landmarks in California@This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in California. The United States National Historic Landmark (NHL) program is operated under the
Grade I listed churches in Cheshire@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed churches and chapels in Cheshire as recorded
List of Colorado fourteeners@mountain peak that exceeds 14,000 feet (4267.2 meters) elevation. This is a complete list of the 53 fourteeners in the U.S. State of Colorado with a minimum
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 101st Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 101st United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of United States Representatives in the 112th Congress by seniority@members of the United States House of Representatives by seniority. This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 112th United
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 87th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 87th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 100th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 100th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Hamilton Tiger-Cats seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, a Canadian Football League team. The Hamilton Football Club was formed on November
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 99th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 99th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
Philippine presidential election@This is a complete list of Philippine Presidential elections since 1935 with the candidates' political party and its corresponding percentage. This list
List of English Heritage blue plaques in the City of Westminster@This is a complete list of the 302 blue plaques placed by English Heritage and its predecessors in the City of Westminster in London.    List of English
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (A)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter A.  Congressional Biographical
41 (song)@ and The Nightwatchman. John Mayer Victor Wooten Jeff Coffin  This is a complete list of albums which have featured &quot;#41&quot; as a live track. Live at Luther
List of Hamilton Wildcats seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Hamilton (Flying) Wildcats, a Canadian football team that competed in the Ontario Rugby Football Union
List of New York State Historic Markers in Allegany County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Allegany County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Leicestershire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Leicestershire in first-class matches since 1894 when the team was elevated
List of Northamptonshire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Northamptonshire (Northants) in first-class matches since 1905 when the
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (F)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter F.  Congressional Biographical
List of Azerbaijani futsal players@This is a complete list of Azerbaijani futsallers.   Contents   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z     Rufat Balakishiyev Biro Jade Vitaliy
List of Bangladesh Army four-star generals@This is a complete list of four-star generals in the Bangladesh Army. The rank of general (or full general, or four-star general) is the highest rank
List of New York State Historic Markers in Kings County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Kings County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of Historic
List of operas by Pacini@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Giovanni Pacini (1796 –1867).    La chiarina (Carnival (1815–1816 San Moisè, Venice) [probable
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (E)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter E.  Congressional Biographical
List of United States Coast Guard four-star admirals@This is a complete list of four-star admirals in the United States Coast Guard. The rank of admiral (or full admiral, or four-star admiral) is the highest
List of Presidents of Vincent's Club@This is a complete list of the Presidents of Vincent's Club at Oxford University.  List of Oxford University Boat Race crews, amongst whom were several
List of New York State Historic Markers in Broome County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Broome County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of New York State Historic Markers in Wyoming County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Wyoming County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of internet service providers in Paraguay@This is a complete list of the licensed Internet service providers (ISP) in Paraguay: Activenet S.A. Conexion Cyberia Wisp itacom Group Mediter SRL Netvision
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (K)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter K.     Congressional Biographical
List of Essex County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Essex in first-class matches since 1894 when the team was elevated to
List of New York State Historic Markers in Cattaraugus County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Cattaraugus County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register
List of California fourteeners@level. (This term is not usually significant outside the U.S.) This is a complete list of the 12 fourteeners in the U.S. state of California, using a
List of operas by Francesco Bianchi@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Francesco Bianchi (1752–1810). Bianchi had an extraordinarily varied career, working in
List of Worcestershire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Worcestershire in first-class matches since 1899 when the team was elevated
List of operas by Hasse@This is a complete list of the operas of the German composer Johann Adolf Hasse (1699–1783).   Sources Hansell, Sven (1992), 'Hasse, Johann Adolf' in
List of New York State Historic Markers in Clinton County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Clinton County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Derbyshire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Derbyshire in first-class matches since the club was founded in 1870.
List of descendants of George V@This is a complete list of every known descendant of King George V, the founder of the House of Windsor. The list includes deceased members, members who
List of Boston Bruins players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that have
List of Montreal Alouettes seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Montreal Alouettes, a Canadian Football League team. The team was founded in 1946 as a member of the
List of United States Representatives in the 113th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 113th United States Congress (January 3, 2013 - January 3, 2015) in order
List of offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea@This is a complete list of operational, offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea and connected areas such as Kattegat and Danish straits. This information
1959–60 West Ham United F.C. season@This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of West Ham United F.C. during the 1959–60 season.
List of Being Human episodes@ see List of Being Human (North American TV series) episodes. This is a complete list of episodes for the BBC Three supernatural drama-comedy television
List of Edmonton Eskimos seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Edmonton Eskimos, a Canadian Football League team. While the team was founded in 1949, they did not
List of Babar episodes@This is a complete list of episodes from the animated television show Babar, which was based on the famous book series for children, Babar the Elephant
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 108th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 108th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, 1960–79@This is a complete list of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the years 1960–1979. Note that the first parliament of the United Kingdom
List of Edmonton Eskimos seasons@This is a complete list of seasons competed by the Edmonton Eskimos, a Canadian Football League team. While the team was founded in 1949, they did not
List of Xiaolin Showdown episodes@This is a complete list of Xiaolin Showdown episodes. Xiaolin Showdown is an animated television series that originally aired between November 1, 2003
List of decorated Americans from the Iraq War in Anbar Province@This is a complete list of United States Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, and Marines who were awarded the Medal of Honor, Distinguished Flying Cross, Distinguished
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 105th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 105th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Kent County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Kent County Cricket Club in first-class matches since the club was originally
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 102nd Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 102nd United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of United States Navy four-star admirals@This is a complete list of four-star admirals in the United States Navy. The rank of admiral (or full admiral, or four-star admiral) is the highest rank
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 106th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 106th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Zeppelins@For other uses of &quot;Zeppelin&quot;, see Zeppelin (disambiguation). This is a complete list of Zeppelins constructed by the German Zeppelin companies from 1900
List of UK caving fatalities@This is a complete list of recreational caving fatalities in the United Kingdom. It includes all deaths associated with the exploration of natural caves
List of Phoenix Suns players by number@This is a complete list of former and current Phoenix Suns players organized by jersey number. Players who have worn more than one number while playing
List of Sussex County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Sussex in first-class matches since the club was founded in 1839. The
List of New York Undercover episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of the American police drama New York Undercover, which originally aired on the Fox network from September 8, 1994
List of stage and broadcast works by Sutermeister@This is a complete list of the stage and broadcast works of the Swiss composer Heinrich Sutermeister (1910–1995). Sutermeister was notable as a pioneer
List of English Heritage blue plaques in London@This is a complete list of the 887 blue plaques placed by English Heritage and its predecessors in the boroughs of London, the City of Westminster, and
UMP Governors-General@This is a complete list of Universities' Model Parliament Society Governors-General. 1979 - Dr. G. Scott Wallace 1980 - Davie Fulton 1981 - Gordon Dowding
Köchel catalogue@This is a complete list of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. For a selective list of his works, grouped by genre, see List of compositions by Wolfgang
Complete list of authors published as UK first editions by Collins Crime Club@Not to be confused with the American The Crime Club. This is a complete list of authors published as UK first editions by Collins Crime Club which ran
Mush Records discography@This is a complete list of all Mush Records so far.
List of Presidents of the United States by date of death@This is a complete list of United States Presidents by date of death. There are currently four living former Presidents (George H. W. Bush, Jimmy Carter
Director of the Joint Staff@the Joint Staff is Lieutenant General David L. Goldfein, USAF.  This is a complete list of the Directors of the Joint Staff. An asterisk (*) indicates
List of Washington Capitals players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that
Per capita income in the United States by country of birth@This is a complete list of per capita income for foreign-born U.S. citizens living in the United States organized by country of origin. For a list organized
List of aerial tramways in Switzerland@This is a complete list of publicly available Swiss aerial tramways (excluding other types of aerial lifts), according to official timetables 2004. Not
List of buildings of pre-Mongol Rus@This is a complete list of the currently existing buildings created in the Kievan Rus before the Mongol invasions of the 1230s. The vast majority of these
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (D)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter D.  Congressional Biographical
List of cities and towns in Germany@This is a complete list of the 2,060 towns and cities in Germany (as of January 1, 2015). Only municipalities with independent administration and that
List of songs from Negima@This is a complete list of songs from the Negima anime and live action series. The voice actresses and the live action actresses of the girls in Negi’s
List of European Ryder Cup golfers@This is a complete list of golfers who have played against the United States in the Ryder Cup for the following teams:  Great Britain: 1927 to 1971  Great
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (R)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter R.  Congressional Biographical
List of Japanese World War II navy bombs@This is a complete list of all aerial bombs used by the Imperial Japanese Navy during the Second World War.   The Japanese navy produced a large number
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (P)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter P.  Congressional Biographical
List of The Fugitive episodes@This is a complete list of episodes for the ABC television drama series The Fugitive. The first episode aired on September 17, 1963 and the series finale
List of television programmes broadcast by TVB@live version) Bambino! Chibi Maruko Chan The Prince of Tennis  (This is a complete list) A Secret Mission ???? A Story of Two Drifters ???? The Bird of
Essex County Fire and Rescue Service@designated training pumps.  See: Interactive map of fire stations      This is a complete list of Essex's 50 fire stations, the duty system, appliances allocated
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (T)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter T.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (L)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter L.  Congressional Biographical
List of Middlesex County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Middlesex County Cricket Club in first-class matches since the club was
List of Lancashire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Lancashire County Cricket Club in first-class matches since the club was
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (G)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter G.  Congressional Biographical
List of Filipino films in 2013@This is a complete list of Filipino full-length films released in theaters and cinemas in 2013.   Main article: List of highest grossing Filipino films
List of The Simple Life episodes@This is a complete list of episodes from the TV series The Simple Life starring Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie. The series included 54 episodes and 2
List of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of Disney's The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. The series premiered on January 17, 1988 on Disney Channel. Thirteen
Yen Plus@July 2010 issue and the magazine is now being published online.  This is a complete list of all titles serialized in Yen Plus. It does not include single
List of Gloucestershire County Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club in first-class matches since the club
2012 European Trophy games@This is a complete list of the regulation round games for the 2012 European Trophy, a European ice hockey tournament. The regulation round began on 31
List of A1 Grand Prix drivers@This is a complete list of drivers who raced in the A1 Grand Prix series, from its inception in 2005–06 until its final season in 2008–09. Over the series'
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 34@Left to Right Bill Raper, Unknown, Renezisky, Unknown, Shear  This is a complete list of all launches made from LC-34.            List of spaceflights
List of Tol concerts@This is a complete list of concerts and mini-concerts performed by Vonthongchai Intarawat or Tol   October 13, 2007 : AF4 X-treme Army in Concert No. 1
List of A1 Grand Prix drivers@This is a complete list of drivers who raced in the A1 Grand Prix series, from its inception in 2005–06 until its final season in 2008–09. Over the series'
List of United States Army four-star generals@This is a complete list of four-star generals in the United States Army, past and present. The rank of general (or full general, or four-star general)
Rugby World Cup Overall Record@This is a complete list of total matches played by all countries that have qualified for the Rugby World Cup since the 1987.
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes@This is a complete list of episodes for the Japanese anime series Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX (changed to Yu-Gi-Oh! GX in the 4kids dub, due to the previous
PCB congener list@This is a complete list of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners.         Congener descriptors give a shorthand notation for geometry and substituent
Alternative versions of Superman@This is a complete list of the alternative versions of Superman, including all media forms such as the DC Comics Multiverse, Elseworlds imprint stories
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 109th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 109th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of United States Representatives in the 111th Congress by seniority@members of the United States House of Representatives by seniority. This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 111th United
List of plays by Nestroy@This is a complete list of the plays of the Austrian singer-actor-playwright Johann Nestroy (1801–1862).  Out of the 83 recorded works of Nestroy, a total
Walter B. Gibson bibliography@This is a complete list of books by Walter B. Gibson published during his lifetime and after his death.   Houdini's Escapes Houdini's Magic Houdini's
List of United States Representatives in the 110th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 110th United States Congress (January 3, 2007 - January 3, 2009) listed
Neiman Marcus Fashion Award@the founder, Stanley Marcus, received one of his own awards.   This is a complete list of recipients of the Neiman Marcus Fashion Award from 1938 onwards
List of former United States Senators@This is a complete list of all people who previously served in the United States Senate.  Contents   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y
43rd GMA Dove Awards@Peck-Gooch Todd Smith Ruben Studdard Russ Taff Michael Tait The Tenors  This is a complete list of the nominees for the 43rd GMA Dove Awards. The winners are in
List of operas by Coccia@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Carlo Coccia (1782–1873).   Julian Budden, Dennis Libby, Simon Maguire, &quot;Coccia, Carlo&quot;
English Apocalypse manuscripts@a larger anti-Jewish theme present throughout the manuscript. This is a complete list of known English Apocalypse manuscripts of the 13th and 14th centuries
List of Digimon Data Squad episodes@This is a complete list of episodes from the anime series Digimon Data Squad. As it currently stands, Digimon Data Squad is the shortest series in the
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 103rd Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 103rd United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of awards and nominations received by Brian McKnight@This is a complete list of awards and nominations for Brian McKnight.   The American Music Awards show is an annual major American music awards show.
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 107th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 107th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of Fitzroy Football Club players@This is a complete list of players to have represented the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian/Australian Football League. Players are listed by the
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 104th Congress by seniority@This is a complete list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 104th United States Congress listed by seniority.  As an historical article
List of songs banned in Malaysia@its radio and television stations since 2010 (though by no means this is a complete list). The censors are mostly done by Malaysian format radio network
List of Adirondack Phantoms players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Adirondack Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL). It includes players that played
List of Montreal Canadiens players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that
List of Battle Angel Alita chapters@hidden in her body and decides to become a hunter-warrior like Ido. This is a complete list of chapters for the Japanese manga series Battle Angel Alita, written
List of populated places in Bosnia and Herzegovina@This is a complete list of settlements in Bosnia and Herzegovina, as recorded by 1991 census, sorted by municipalities.    Mrkovi?i • Nahorevo • Poljine
List of Disney comics by Don Rosa@This is a complete list of Disney comics by Don Rosa. It's sorted in chronological order after the date of first publication.    The Don Rosa Library
List of New York State Historic Markers in Yates County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Yates, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of Historic
List of Hey Arnold! episodes@This is a complete list of episodes for the animated television series Hey Arnold, which originally aired on Nickelodeon from October 7, 1996 to June
List of English cricketers (1861–1863)@This is a complete list of English cricketers who took part in matches designated first-class by CricketArchive in the period 1861 to 1863. Note that
List of Azerbaijani Paralympic competitors@This is a complete list of Paralympic competitors from Azerbaijan.   Contents   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z     Zeynidin Bilalov
List of OFCCP DAS@head of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs.       This is a complete list of all past and present Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Labor for
List of English cricketers (1826–40)@This is a complete list of English cricketers who took part in matches designated first-class by CricketArchive in the period 1826 to 1840. The majority
List of Type XXI submarines@This is a complete list of German Type XXI submarines.
List of Hendrik Wade Bode patents@This is a complete list of the twenty five patents issued by the U.S. Patent Office to Hendrik Wade Bode for his inventions. The broad areas of his patents
List of Speakers of the Idaho House of Representatives@This is a complete list of people who have served as Speakers of the Idaho House of Representatives to the present.
List of operas by Gasparini@This is a complete list of operas of the Italian Baroque composer Francesco Gasparini (1661–1727).    Saunders, Harris S (1992), 'Gasparini, Francesco'
List of projects by James Stirling@This is a complete list of projects by James Stirling, a British architect and his associates Built projects: the first date is year of initial design
Los Angeles Philharmonic discography@This is a complete list of recordings by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, shown alphabetically by conductor, and then by recording label.     Adams: The
List of Llangollen Railway rolling stock@This is a complete list of rolling stock at Llangollen Railway, a preserved railway in Llangollen, North Wales. The railway is home to a number of steam
List of current American soccer players by US state@This is a complete list (as of May 30, 2014) of active professional American soccer players by U.S. state. Each player is shown by their state of birth
List of Qing imperial residents in Tibet@This is a complete list the Qing dynasty imperial residents in Tibet, also known as the ambans. Of the 80 ambans, most were Manchu Chinese and only four
List of compositions by James Scott@This is a complete list of musical compositions by James Scott (February 12, 1885 – August 30, 1938). James Scott was one of the three leading composers
List of decorated Marines from 3rd Battalion 3rd Marines@This is a complete list of Marines from the 3rd Battalion 3rd Marine Regiment who have been awarded the United States's Medal of Honor, Navy Cross, or
List of operas by Guglielmi@This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi (1728–1804). Ninety-five works are listed below. This doesn't
List of Presidents pro tempore of the Idaho Senate@This is a complete list of individuals who have served as president pro tempore of the Idaho Senate to the present. The president pro tempore, often abbreviated
List of World Touring Car Championship drivers@This is a complete list of drivers and teams who have competed in the World Touring Car Championship since the 2005 season.  Key This list is accurate
List of compositions by Ottorino Respighi@This is a complete list of the compositions of the Italian composer Ottorino Respighi (1879–1936). This list can be sorted by catalogue number (P), year
Huizinga Lecture@annually in December in the Pieterskerk in Leiden, The Netherlands.  This is a complete list of the Huizinga Lectures from the beginning in 1972 to the present
Huizinga Lecture@annually in December in the Pieterskerk in Leiden, The Netherlands.  This is a complete list of the Huizinga Lectures from the beginning in 1972 to the present
List of New York State Historic Markers in Dutchess County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Dutchess County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
Hitlercito@nazi holocaust.  Hitlercito's characters are mainly historical. This is a complete list.  Hitlercito is spoof of Adolf Hitler. Although there are a many
Shonen Jump (magazine)@company's related &quot;Shonen Jump&quot; and &quot;Shonen Jump Advanced&quot; labels. This is a complete list of all titles to be serialized in Shonen Jump. It does not include
List of English cricketers (1841–50)@This is a complete list of English cricketers who took part in matches designated first-class by CricketArchive in the period 1841 to 1850. Note that
List of The Backyardigans episodes@This is a complete list of episodes from The Backyardigans animated TV show.   Pablo, Tyrone and Uniqua are present for all episodes. Tasha is absent
List of routes in Morgan County, West Virginia@This is a complete list of routes in Morgan County, West Virginia, United States. Green: WV Secondary (County) Routes. Turquoise: WV State Routes. Gold:
Georges Creek Railroad@Georges Creek Rail Road has been compiled, but it is not known if this is a complete list. All of the listed engines were transferred to Cumberland &amp; Pennsylvania
List of West Indies cricket captains@policies followed by the South African government of the time.  This is a complete list of every man who has captained the West Indies in at least one
NCIS (franchise)@Los Angeles  NCIS: New Orleans  JAG  Hawaii Five-0  Scorpion   This is a complete list of all crossovers, both within the franchise and out of it. All
List of Libertas list candidates at the 2009 European Parliament elections@This is a complete list of the candidates (excluding substitutes) that ran for the European Parliament election, 2009 under a Libertas list.   Libertas
List of Lassie episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of the Lassie television series. Created by Robert Maxwell, Lassie premiered on CBS on September 12, 1954, where it
List of Roseanne episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of the American sitcom Roseanne. The series aired on ABC from October 18, 1988 to May 20, 1997, with 222 episodes
List of New York State Historic Markers in Columbia County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Columbia County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of English cricketers (1851–55)@This is a complete list of English cricketers who took part in matches designated first-class by CricketArchive in the period 1851 to 1855. The majority
List of United States National Historic Landmarks in United States commonwealths and territories, associated states, and foreign states@foreign state of Morocco. There are 23 NHLs in these areas.    This is a complete list of the five National Historic Landmarks in sovereign states that
Women in the Parliament of Sri Lanka@   Number of women in the Sri Lankan Parliament (1931–2013):  This is a complete list of women who have served as members of the successive Sri Lankan
Iphigénie en Tauride@Gluck borrowing from himself borrowing from Johann Sebastian Bach. This is a complete list of Gluck's borrowings: Introduction: Overture from L'île de Merlin
List of Slovenian cardinals@This is a complete list of Slovenian cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church.
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1989@This is a complete list of all 1534 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1989.  Criminal Justice Act 1988 (Commencement No
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1987@For the main article see Statutory Instruments. This is a complete list of all 1468 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1988@For the main article see Statutory Instruments. This is a complete list of all 1558 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year
Wolfgang Bauer (writer)@translated into 24 languages and have been performed in 35 countries. This is a complete list of his published works in German:  Der Schweinetransport (1961)
List of English cricketers (1856–1860)@This is a complete list of English cricketers who took part in matches designated first-class by CricketArchive in the period 1856 to 1860. Note that
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (H)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter H.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (S)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter S.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (C)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter C.  Congressional Biographical
List of basilicas@This is a complete list of basilicas of the Roman Catholic Church. A basilica is a church with certain privileges conferred on it by the Pope. Not all
Grade I listed churches in Staffordshire@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed churches and chapels in Staffordshire as recorded
Grade I listed churches in West Yorkshire@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed ecclesastical buildings, including cathedrals
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (M)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter M.  Congressional Biographical
List of former members of the United States House of Representatives (B)@This is a complete list of former members of the United States House of Representatives whose last names begin with the letter B.  Congressional Biographical
Alliance Internationale de Tourisme@website, the organisation claims 140 members in 101 countries.  This is a complete list of members as of August 2012: Touring Club d'Algérie (TCA) Automobil
United States gubernatorial elections, 2006@narrowly winning reelection by a 2-point margin over Underwood.  This is a complete list of states with a gubernatorial election in 2006. Key: (D/DFL)
Mo Yan@written 11 novels, and several novellas and short story collections. This is a complete list of Mo Yan's works published as a collection in 2012 in China (after
BMP-1 variants@Main article: BMP-1 This is a complete list of variants and designations of the BMP-1 infantry fighting vehicle (IFV). It is sorted by country of origin
List of New York State Historic Markers in Bronx County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Bronx County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of Historic
List of New York State Historic Markers in Chautauqua County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Chautauqua County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register
List of songs introduced by Fred Astaire@This is a complete list of the songs introduced by Fred Astaire beginning with his first Broadway show Over the Top in 1917 (his childhood and teenage
List of Victoria Salmon Kings players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Victoria Salmon Kings in the ECHL. It includes players that have played at least
Eishockey-Bundesliga@player while the goal scorer count was pushed into the background.  This is a complete list of clubs in the Bundesliga, sorted by the last season a club played
List of tornadoes in the 2008 Super Tuesday tornado outbreak@This is a complete list of the reported and confirmed tornadoes in the 2008 Super Tuesday tornado outbreak, which took place on February 5 and 6, 2008
List of clubs in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg@timeline of name changes, format and position in the league system:  This is a complete list of clubs, as of the 2014–15 season, sorted by the last season a
List of clubs in the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar@timeline of name changes, format and position in the league system:  This is a complete list of clubs, as of the 2014–15 season, sorted by the last season a
List of New York State Historic Markers in Sullivan County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Sullivan County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of early Puffin Story Books@This is a complete list of the 149 Puffin Story Books published for children from 1941 to 1960 by Penguin Books, Harmondsworth, England.   Brief information
List of current Toyota vehicles in the United States@This is a complete list of the current commercial vehicles sold by Toyota. A total of 2010 was the 10th anniversary of the Prius. All vehicles are up
List of World War I flying aces from France@This is a complete list of French flying aces of World War I. Aces are listed after verifying the date and location of combat, and the foe vanquished
List of New York State Historic Markers in Westchester County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Westchester, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of Historic
List of routes in Jefferson County, West Virginia@This is a complete list of routes in Jefferson County, West Virginia, United States. Green: WV Secondary (County) Routes. Turquoise: WV State Routes.
List of Cambridge University Cricket Club players@This is a complete list in alphabetical order of cricketers who have played for Cambridge University in first-class and List A matches since 1817. The
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ramsey County, Minnesota@This is a complete list of National Register of Historic Places listings in Ramsey County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties
List of England international footballers (alphabetical)@This is a complete list of England international footballers, i.e. association football players who have played for the England national football team
List of Azumanga Daioh episodes@This is a complete list of episodes for the Japanese anime television series Azumanga Daioh produced by the animation studio J.C.Staff, and based on the
List of South Africa national cricket captains@classification follows that adopted by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.  This is a complete list of every man who has captained South Africa in at least one One
List of placenames in Hampshire County, West Virginia@This is a complete list of placenames in Hampshire County, West Virginia. Placename entries are compiled from the United States Geological Survey's Geographic
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1995@This is a complete list of all 1,872 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1995.    National Health Service (Optical Charges
List of Tasmania cricket captains@began in 1969/70, and has participated in every subsequent season. This is a complete list of every man who has captained the Tasmanian Tigers in List A cricket
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1992@This is a complete list of all 1922 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1992.    North Hull Housing Action Trust (Transfer
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1997@This is a complete list of all 1840 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1997.    Education (Recognised Bodies) Order 1997
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1994@This is a complete list of all 1851 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1994.    Public Telecommunication System Designation
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1993@This is a complete list of all 1844 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1993.    Environmental Protection (Controls on Injurious
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 2009@For the main article see Statutory Instruments. This is a complete list of all 2008 Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom in 2009    The Local Government
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1990@This is a complete list of all 1646 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1990.  Caseins and Caseinates (Scotland) Amendment
List of clubs in the Bayernliga@timeline of name changes, format and position in the league system:  This is a complete list of clubs, as of the 2014–15 season, sorted by the last season a
List of hummingbirds@This is a complete list of hummingbirds in alphabetical order, sortable by common or binomial name. For hummingbirds in taxonomic order, see list of hummingbirds
Women in the United States House of Representatives@women&quot; include all female House members of the given Congress  This is a complete list of women who have served as members of the United States House
List of Philadelphia Phantoms players@This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Philadelphia Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL). It includes players that played
ISPM 15@export authority when exporting to another country is required. This is a complete list as of July 1, 2010. Countries and their approximate ISPM 15 Adoption
List of Players cricketers (1806–1962)@This is a complete list of cricketers who represented the Players in first-class matches from 1806 to 1962. The majority of matches were the annual Gentlemen
List of Gentlemen cricketers (1806–1962)@This is a complete list of cricketers who represented the Gentlemen in first-class matches from 1806 to 1962. All of the matches were the annual Gentlemen
List of major generals in the United States Regular Army before 1 July 1920@This is a complete list of major generals in the United States Regular Army before July 1, 1920. For most of the 19th and early 20th centuries, the rank
Sioux Falls Skyforce seasons@This is a complete list of seasons for the Sioux Falls Skyforce. Continental Basketball Association International Basketball League Continental Basketball
Tracey Ullman's State of the Union characters@This is a complete list of &quot;original&quot; characters in Tracey Ullman's State of the Union, all performed by Tracey Ullman.     A B C D E F G H I J K L M
List of Italian Football Championship clubs@See also: List of football clubs in Italy This is a complete List of Italian Football Championship clubs from the first season in 1898 until the present
List of Phillips Academy Heads of School@This is a complete list of the Principals of Phillips Academy, since the Academy's founding in 1778. From 1778 to 1928, the title of the Head of School
List of New York State Historic Markers in Albany County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Albany County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
Grade I listed churches in Derbyshire@Derbyshire includes the unitary authority of the city of Derby. This is a complete list of the Grade I listed churches and chapels in the ceremonial county
List of tornadoes in the May 2007 Tornado Outbreak@This is a complete list of the confirmed tornadoes from the May 2007 Tornado Outbreak, between May 4 and May 6, 2007.        http://www.ncdc.noaa
List of The Wild Wild West episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of The Wild Wild West, an American television series that ran on the CBS network from 1965 to 1969. During its four-season
List of Australia national cricket captains@Greg Chappell are brothers, and grandsons of Vic Richardson.  This is a complete list of every man who has captained Australia in at least one One Day
List of Maison Ikkoku episodes@This is a complete list of episodes of Maison Ikkoku, an anime TV, OVA, and film series based on the manga by Rumiko Takahashi. There were 96 regular
Li Ang (writer)@recognition of her outstanding contribution to world literature.  This is a complete list of Li Ang's works published in Taiwan as well as the English translations
Grade I listed churches in the East Riding of Yorkshire@only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade. This is a complete list of Grade I listed churches and chapels in the East Riding of Yorkshire
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 1996@This is a complete list of all 2071 Statutory Instruments published in the United Kingdom in the year 1996.    Insurance Companies (Pension Business)(Transitional
List of Malaysian Parliaments@This is a complete list of the individual parliaments of the Parliament of Malaysia. 1st Parliament of the Federation of Malaya: 1955–1959 2nd Parliament
History of Kansas City Chiefs quarterbacks@Kansas City Chiefs starting quarterbacks statistics (1960–2013)   This is a complete list of career statistics from all quarterbacks that have played in
List of top-division football clubs in UEFA countries@Sammarinese di Calcio) UEFA ranking: 52nd Soccerway profile: here This is a complete list of football clubs in San Marino (as San Marino has only one level
Eugen Doga@????????? &quot;????? ????? - ??? ?????&quot;  Top 200 Classical Music Pieces. This is a complete list of the 200 best classical music pieces ever composed, from Beethoven’s
List of lieutenant generals in the United States Army before 1960@This is a complete list of lieutenant generals in the United States Army before 1960. The grade of lieutenant general (or three-star general) is ordinarily
Eckhart Branch Railroad@Hospital facility at Clarysville. (ref. 100).  It is not known if this is a complete list of Eckhart Branch locomotives. All of the listed engines except
List of Animal Mechanicals episodes@This is a complete list of episodes from the animated TV show Animal Mechanicals.    Mission: Plant the frisky Turbo Bean. Abilities used: Strength, Stretch
List of emperors of the Qing dynasty@in which he metamorphosed Qing institutions during his reign.  This is a complete list of the emperors of the Qing dynasty. These emperors were usually
List of clubs in the Hessenliga@timeline of name changes, format and position in the league system:  This is a complete list of clubs, as of the 2014–15 season, sorted by the last season a
The Krypton Factor@BBC1's The Armstrong and Miller Show as &quot;The Critical Factor&quot;.      This is a complete list of all the winners of the show. There was no series made in 1994
List of England cricket captains@classification follows that adopted by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.  This is a complete list of every man who has captained England in at least one One Day
List of lieutenant generals in the United States Air Force before 1960@This is a complete list of lieutenant generals in the United States Air Force before 1960, including those appointed in the United States Army from the
List of United States counties and county equivalents@This is a complete list of the 3143 counties and county equivalents of the United States of America as of July 1, 2013[update]. For more detailed information
List of brigadier generals in the United States Regular Army before February 2, 1901@This is a complete list of brigadier generals in the United States Regular Army before February 2, 1901. The grade of brigadier general (or one-star general)
List of paintings by Edvard Munch@This is a complete list of paintings by Edvard Munch (Norwegian pronunciation: [?m??k], 12 December 1863 – 23 January 1944) a Norwegian symbolist painter
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 2011@For the main article, see Statutory Instruments. This is a complete list of all 3131Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom in 2011.    The Cornwall
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 2010@For the main article see Statutory Instruments. This is a complete list of all 2967 Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom in 2010    The Occupational
List of places in Carmarthenshire (categorised)@Carmarthenshire, Wales.    This is a list of electoral wards:  This is a complete list of the 72 communities in Carmarthenshire.   &quot;Town and Community
List of routes in Frederick County, Virginia@This is a complete list of routes in Frederick County, Virginia, United States. Green: VA Secondary Routes. Turquoise: VA Primary State Routes. Gold:
Russell Kirk bibliography@This is a complete list of fictional works by Russell Kirk (1918–94). These comprise only a small portion of Kirk's published writings. See the &quot;Fiction&quot;
List of New York State Historic Markers in Cayuga County, New York@This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Cayuga County, New York.   List of New York State Historic Markers National Register of
List of Split episodes@This is a complete list of episodes for the HOT supernatural drama television series Split. The programma's cast included Amit Farkash as Ella Rosen,
List of I Dream of Jeannie episodes@were released on VHS. It is assumed they are no longer in print. This is a complete list.   The interior of Tony's neighbor's house is the interior set
Portaro@big PORTARO 4X4 jeep many times during the Vila Faia TV show.  This is a complete list of all the original GV-SEMAL brand, makers of the TAGUS and the
List of Petticoat Junction episodes@This is a complete list of all 222 episodes of the 1963 to 1970 television sitcom Petticoat Junction. All seven seasons are here, with all original airdates
Australian knights and dames@article: List of Knights and Dames of the Order of Australia   Note: This is a complete list of the Australians who were Knights of the Order of Australia.
